# Reviews from amazon: how people reviewed prince Harry's new book Spare
## Introduction: Prince Harry,The Duke of Sussex and the fifth in line to the British throne, published his memoir "Spare" in January 2023, caused a worldwide storm. The image of the British royal family depicted in Harry's new book - bickering, divisive, turning on each other for their personal image and colluding with the media to slander others - shocked the outside world. The New York Times says several British royal experts say the farce has become the most serious crisis facing the British monarchy since Princess Diana's death. But for general readers, how do they feel about this book? what's the real review of the book really like? To get closer to the truth, I decided to collect comments data by web scraping. However, the processing of scraping will take a while if you run the code, but it did work.
At first, I choose goodreads.com to collect the comments data, but the the website is set to display only the first 300 comments, which is too small data for the data analysis to get a valid conclusion. So I choose amazon as the target with roughly 6000 informative comments.
This report contains two parts: the first is web scraping the second is data cleaning and analyzing. Crawling through these reviews and simply analyzing the data will give us an idea of what readers are saying about the book and what issues are being discussed in depth.

# Updates for resit
## The initial version was rushed and rough without explanatory notes. At this version, I add notes as detail as possible while deleted the report.
Also, I applyed more libraries, changed some codes to make it more logical and fluent, added more visualization with research questions.
